black bean and poblano burritos yum
that's just one of the delicious new
recipes how about pasta primavera that's
another one that i have discovered
thanks to hello fresh are you ready to
try america's number one meal kit well
get 14 free meals including free
shipping when you use code face 14
hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
hello and welcome to episode 64
of the face podcast i just realized i
definitely don't think we did an intro
the last one we just recorded uh so just
listen to this one twice i'm jeff jeff
uh with me as always is gavin gavin and
andrew andrew
did we not do an intro i feel like we
did
we started it started with you and uh
eric fighting over nsync oh yeah top dog
and sync and then yeah he said that not
around
63. okay i think so this is 64 then
uh if my math is correct
uh the principles of addition uh
continue to function as uh as uh
described to me as a child uh this is
episode 64 of the face podcast and uh i
don't know about you boys i still have
three things left over to talk about
from my previous list that we didn't get
to because of the world's longest open
water story
but i don't wanna i don't wanna
monopolize the episode either no you
guys wanna talk about anything go right
ahead no i mean if it's on par with the
ocean rescue story i need i mean i just
need to know everything i need to know
how your day is i need to have a
continuation let me tell you about today
this is the portion of uh of this uh
this is called purple nightmare
i i i feel like i want andrew to guess
what this is about what what do you
think purple that's a great idea i would
like you both to guess that's a great i
described it as a lucid waking nightmare
a purple lucid waking nightmare i'm
gonna guess that you dreamt that you
were on a boat and grimace was yelling
at you to go now is my guess
i was thinking bonnie
was so far off when you say purple
nightmare it was this actually a
nightmare or is this an experience that
was real that you just you're just
calling a nightmare it was an experience
that was so horrible it felt like a
nightmare okay you were riding you were
riding your bike and you saw
a lovely
field of lavender to your side and you
thought oh that looks nice and then
suddenly your bike just veered into it
and you rolled down a hill through
lavender thus living a purple nightmare
on the way i wish
i'm gonna continue off that i'm gonna
guess that jeff was trying to do his
bike trick doing a practice round
trying to get into it was listening to
prince while doing so and it went
horribly wrong
that is my second purple nightmare i
love the idea behind that uh it's a
little more pedestrian unfortunately
so
i thought i was going to have a good day
today and it's it's largely been a good
day i mean i haven't even think that
though i just felt like it i woke up in
a good mood and i thought like today i
knew i had to go to the doctor i hadn't
been to the doctor in a while and i want
to go get some blood work done and you
know just a wellness exam so i went and
got a tetanus shot and because i figure
if anybody on earth needs a tetanus shot
it's me
and uh i mean
i put on something yeah also you know
you want to check your cholesterol and
do all the stuff a man like myself has
to do in his mid-40s and so i was kind
of looking forward to that because it's
one of those things that you you put off
and you put off and i was glad to
finally be doing it you know and so i
had to i had to leave kind of early to
go to the doctors
and one thing i do uh when i have
millicent you know
with joint custody i have her half the
time so on the weeks that i have
millicent every morning or virtually
every morning i make her a smoothie
she has some specific dietary
requirements and uh i really i've
learned how to make this awesome
smoothie that's really fun and she seems
to appreciate it and it it sets her up
for uh sets her up for in the right way
uh for her day she's all full of
nutrients and stuff and uh anyway so i
was making her smoothie it's a it's a
blueberry it's a blueberry smoothie
it's got a lot of stuff in it but the uh
the main ingredients are blueberry and
banana and peanut butter and
it was the yogurt
that was that caused the initial problem
and some honey and some other stuff
anyway so uh i have this like ninja food
like smoothie maker machine and it makes
like a 20 ounce smoothie and so uh i was
talking to emily this morning while she
was getting ready for work and i was
making the smoothie and putting it all
together and i crammed it a little too
full of
yogurt which i can't stand so when i put
the lid on the way it works is you like
fill it up you put a lid on that's got
the uh the little [__] blades in it
then you stick it on the machine and it
goes
and it spins it all up and so when i put
the blade then i pushed it down it
[__] shot yogurt out of all the sides
which if there's one thing i like less
than yogurt it's it's goopy uh it's
goopy yogurt coming out of the sides of
a smoothie thing it was like i i
wretched i'm like whoa [__] how's it
coming from the sides because i like
like at the top where you like screw it
in oh okay there was too much volume and
so it like squirts it's like yogurt
squirt coming out of the top that'd be a
great way to describe it gross white
yogurt squirt and i was like
so i go over uh
i go over and i rinse it off and then
and so the the now the
the canister's a little slippery and wet
right then i take it over to the
smoothie machine and i put it in the
smoothie machine
and i get the smoothie all nice and
blended and it's very purple
and then i go over
back to the to the kitchen sink because
some more yogurt squirt has come out and
so i take the cap off and i'm like
trying to just you know clean it up a
little bit get the yogurt squirt off of
it and stuff so that it's uh not
disgusting for millie and i turn around
with it in my hand and i guess
i guess it just wasn't holding it well
enough and it was wet and i
throw the smoothie
across the kitchen
and it hits the floor
and it explodes
and 20 ounces of purple smoothie
makes 20 ounces of purple smoothie can
cover an entire house
it can cover all of the floor it can
cover three different carpets
it can cover
every kitchen cabinet it can cover uh
all of the walls it can cover a lot of
ceiling you can paint a lot of ceiling
with a 20-ounce purple smoothie that's
one of those i don't know where to start
kind of yeah which bit do you clean
first it went so far
it shot across the island of my kitchen
gavin you know where my you've been in
my house so in my kitchen it shot over
like the little cutout area on across
the dining room table it covered the
windows in my living room it did like a
james mcavoy bullet bend around the wall
and managed to then spin back and hit my
front door which isn't even visible from
where it hit the ground
it sounds like when mr bean tried to
paint his flat by putting a firework in
a can of paint and just running
i didn't i didn't see that but uh
and i just like stared at it and emily
was leaving and i just went outside and
said you've got to come home you've got
to come back she's like what's wrong
with wrong i'm like i don't know what to
do i don't know what to do and she runs
and she's like what's wrong and i go
what do i do and she just goes
i gotta go to work
she was like wake up millie she'll help
you and then she left because she had to
go to work she had clients in the chair
whatever uh i know she filmed a video of
it so you guys can see that at some
point but uh i i then got up millie and
for uh uh 40 minutes we cleaned purple
it was
just everywhere every and every time i
thought it was done i would like move a
dining room chair and realize no the
whole seat is full of purple and uh i
had to clean three different rugs i had
to clean the ceiling in two rooms
significantly uh we've got to get you a
security camera or something yeah inside
right and then yeah and then after it
was all done and i got it all clean i
walked into my bedroom and i sat down
and i just cried i cried for a good
two minutes
just cried
and then i got up
i wiped off my tears i went back in and
i made another goddamn smoothie
because millie needed her breakfast and
so i made another goddamn smoothie and
then i and i endeavored to have a better
day after that there's always just like
an underlying level of tragedy to all
your funny stories
oh was that today did that happen today
that happened at 9 00 a.m today
what a start you and you thought it was
gonna be a good day which means you
probably only had an hour or two of
thinking it was great
as well but i was expecting the blender
to have fired it out but it was just you
throwing it i [__] threw it with like
z like i threw it with like some force
dude i i don't even know how to describe
it was it like a gronk spike like what
are we taught as far as yeah yeah kind
of like a gronk spike yeah there you go
that's a good way to describe it yeah
it was like bronx i've never been more
shocked in my life i was like it was as
bad gavin and i i recognize
like there's a story from years and
years and years ago where i had a my dog
had diarrhea and my roomba ran over it
and it's
it
shot [__]
six feet up my walls right
it wasn't cleaning up feces i'll say
that so that was a bonus but it was way
more cleanup it got way it just like it
laughed at the roomba [__] story it was
like i can top that easy so in terms of
grossness it would probably rank
a three behind the roomba [__] and the
half dead cow but in terms of spread it
would probably be number one yeah it's a
three behind those it's definitely easy
number one in terms of difficulty
cleaning up and spread yeah it was a it
was a [__]
oh
oh my mail my alexa my alexa got covered
just a drippy purple mess all my mail is
stained purple now
so then
here's my next story regulation fart
so then i go to the doctor i do all that
it's all fine it's great i like the
doctor who's a new doctor i love him
everything come home i get some lunch
have some chili killers for learning
it's delicious everything's going fine
then i have a quick little meeting a
little work meeting and uh sitting at my
desk having my work meeting and uh
there's about 10 minutes to go in the
work meeting and i have a just a
perfectly regulation fart quiet fart so
i feel comfortable doing it i just like
move my chair you know nobody hears it
because it was silent nothing feels
amiss nothing weird as i said it wasn't
a i didn't have to push it wasn't a hard
fart wasn't a wet fart it was just a
perfectly regulation fart so i fart
don't even think anything about it
forget about it finish my business in
the meeting get up to go to the bathroom
feel like oh i should i should do a poo
now walk over pull down my pants
sit down realize there is a pile of [__]
in my pants no
there's no way how do you don't feel it
i [__] my pants and like a like a little
cow pie a little like like a
cow pie and i just didn't feel it i
don't understand i don't understand
i don't understand and it was like it
wasn't it was like oh no it wasn't like
a streak or a little bubble it was like
there was weight you know it like
weighed my underwear down
and i don't know how i don't know how it
happened i don't know how a regulation
fart had had non-regulation results and
i don't know how i didn't discover it at
all until it was way too late
so that was a quick trip that was a
shower and laundry
if jeff didn't take a [__] it would
still be in his pants he would have
known maybe maybe
i had to check and make sure this very
chair i'm sitting in didn't have [__]
it didn't it was fine the pants
contained it but uh but yeah
how much time passed between regulation
fought and [__] discovery 10 to 11
minutes
so not not enough time for it to sort of
go hard
no no it was still pretty goopy oh i'm
i'm honestly blown away that after the
so to date when we're recording this the
episode where andrew rips a homer in his
words at the end of the last episode
that came out yesterday
i am blown away andrew that you had no
repercussions from that way oh nothing
noise i couldn't it was funny i think i
i texted it to you guys i couldn't
figure out that evening i was just it
was like a home run derby in my ass all
night it was just i couldn't i couldn't
stop and i was like what is going on
this is a regular and then the next day
after we recorded i had a fiber one bar
and then it just it was like throwing
another log in the fire like it came
back and i was like oh i ate like three
of these that night that's what it was
so you have five it up i was fibered up
that was that it was juicing
non-regulation fonts yes goddamn dude by
the way the audience
universally loves warframes
congratulations
huge win for [__] face
zero
zero negative comments re andrew's butt
i was amazed and and and it was joyous
to see
i think we've got a good audience i
think we've got yeah it's not it's that
like uh you know turns them off in
disgust it's it's an audience full of
embrace
even with such a wet
disgusting
penis speaking of uh speaking of
audience uh that's one of the things i
wanted to talk about oh by the way i
should just say i'm not terrified
because i i don't think i can trust my
farts anymore this is uncharted fart
territory for me if i can't trust a
regulation fart
can i ever leave the house again
yeah i mean would that be would that be
a fart that you would have taken the
gamble on in an airport or something
yeah
wow
it was a regulation fart
that's just normal bog standard
regulation for it you've got to figure
that out
that's going to get you yeah dude i'm
not excited about it uh but anyway
speaking of the audience i was i wanted
to talk about the twins i feel so bad
because we did the [__] my i feel so bad
that they're probably going to eat my
condiment i feel really bad about that
because they want the salads you know
the twins right uh they uh
the comment leavers and i'm going to say
comment receivers after this because
they got a lot of love they uh they took
our four salads
and they made them and then they did a
salad taste test to determine the best
salad the girls yeah the girls oh
yeah i didn't know that anyone had made
them yeah they made them they videotaped
a review and they put it all up on
twitter they had pictures by the way
mine was no offense to you guys one was
easily the most aesthetic if it wasn't
the best tasting it was easy
uh i appreciated that they acknowledged
mine had great spirit i feel like that
was what i was going for in the in the
dinner zimmer salad definitely not a
taste uh you oh
one of the twins liked yours best and
one of the twins liked mine best i don't
think anyone liked mine i think they
appreciated it yeah yeah no no the the
spirit as i said i appreciated the
spirit call it for it as far as taste
goes it's a disaster so were they ranked
they did yes they ranked them it's a
great video i'll send it to you yes yes
i want to see it it was awesome they
also they also uh set the uh waffle bomb
on fire and uh and smelled it in a video
not too long ago as well
they're making better content out of our
content than we are
[Laughter]
i wonder if they'll make all the
condiments that's what i'm saying i feel
terrible i didn't design mine with the
thought anyone else would try it um i
feel bad
i mean yours is also just atrocious
gavin i feel bad about that too it's not
a good like
kind of yeah it wasn't good cocktail
sauce there's nothing wrong with it not
for tater tots it was a bad combo
it's weird on the top i'll give you that
it's not it's
hey do y'all think i could be invited
back to the slack at some point that's
i'm so glad that you mentioned that jeff
i'm so cause that's on my note i wanted
to bring up the fact that so i sent uh
in the episode that came out we talked
about the state songs the ranking of
those and the most picture song i posted
those and then gavin made a joke saying
tennessee spelt 10 because tennessee has
10 state songs and my original i thought
was gavin should be removed from this
channel for that joke that was serious
which then made me realize oh my god
jeff still isn't in the slack it's been
a long time maybe we just have a one in
one out rule from this point
well here's the thing you left out a
protest so i thought it would be unfair
of us to then drag you back in out of
your protest so if you're out of protest
we'd love to have you back
but if you're willing to come back the
regulation zimmer looks freaking
delicious
yeah because i make good ass salads that
looks like an a mine looks like a fruit
salad that looks like too much apple in
there i know how to make a [__] salad
man i eat them i love them
[Laughter]
raymond's
yeah dude it's
a lot of different [__] the blueberries
next to the meat this looks a bit weird
it's not good
that's not a good salad oh nick's looks
healthy you take that avocado off in nix
and it looks delicious it's a good salad
i mean well if you like avocado i
understand that it would be it would be
a bonus but if you don't it's a it's a
big detractor so you want back in the
slack jeff just to clarify we can add
you back we'd love to have you back i
have a question though does jeff get to
see all the stuff we wrote while he was
gone i think so yeah i mean that's up to
him if he wants to scroll up i don't i
don't think i do i think i think i it
starts where i joined i think i lost my
progress that was a lot covered that we
should probably maybe we could just
repaste it or huh yeah well maybe maybe
it wasn't for me to see
well that's uh that's everything i had
on my list now it's all i'm left with is
the queries and insights which i was
just gonna pepper in
uh as we uh as we went uh one of those
of course was the the twins have a
question for you guys let me ask you
guys a question okay when i was in
mexico on the island there's a rule uh
in mexico it's it's in every toilet in
the in on the island they said please
please don't flush toilet paper it's uh
flesh's feet as little toilet paper is
possible it's an island and the plumbing
isn't great yeah so they they want you
to like throw it in a waste bin um and
that got me thinking what if every
person on the island flushed toilet
paper at the exact same time
would it blow up
i think all the pressure would funnel to
like one toilet somewhere
which got me thinking
what if
every toilet on earth was flushed at the
exact same time think of it like a like
a global [__] in everybody
poop or not but everybody flushes the
toilet at the exact same time would
earth implode
yeah the planet is cracking off
i mean maybe not but something has to
happen right like that many
millions or billions of toilets flushing
at the exact same time it would have to
have some sort of effect what would that
be it would have to back up somewhere
because all this water is currently
stored
and it's under it's like held up by
gravity so you've got all of gravity of
all of these tanks just ready to drop
water yeah jeff interesting jeff is
describing this like the lamest project
mayhem
like he doesn't he doesn't want to blow
up the financial district he just wants
every toilet to flush at the same time i
just i'm curious what happened like has
anybody ever done a study we should
google it find out like you want to do
like flush across america yeah like are
there any uh are there any like civil
engineers out there that would have any
idea like what the ramifications would
be if if every toilet on a system like
on the same treatment facility or
whatever flushed like would there be
enough water to instantly return at all
would it be like would it get
overwhelmed and start like like would it
be like in a like in a movie when like
like when uh all the pipes start busting
and like steam starts poshing me out
but it's just [__] and piss everywhere
the scarecrow and uh batman begins yeah
exactly exactly like that
oh the lower level of the titanic but
it's just because everybody's flushed
exactly
i wonder if you'd be able to see it from
a plane
[Laughter]
what would it look like
thought that the ground came in maybe i
don't know
something like 20. what's that movie
2012 yeah
so if you're out there if you're a comet
leaver uh and you have any insights into
what would happen if a million toilets
cried out at once
not enough people listened to face to
actually cause an environmental disaster
i'm not trying to cause one i just am
wondering what would happen
i'm not recommending this i don't want
to do this i'm not espousing it as an
idea that we should pursue i'm just
curious oh i can't wait we're going to
get a response back like september 1st
for how far ahead we are what a time
you're waiting for just but about three
weeks after we forget about it yes
exactly
[Applause]
well the summer's here you know what
that means uh sweaty crotch swamp ass
the living ain't easy uh unless you got
a hello tushy bidet you want to keep
your sweaty crack clean all stinky
summer long well you want to use the
brand new hello tushy 3.0 modern bidet
attachment it is stylish it is
eco-friendly and your underwear will
thank you hello tushy 3.0 clean soggy
butts like a champ and it doesn't stop
there it also cleans itself like a champ
with the smart spray automatic
self-cleaning nozzle plus hello tushy's
got your ass covered with a 60-day
risk-free guarantee and a 12-month
warranty so defeat swamp ass go to
hellotushy.com
face to get 10 off plus free shipping
this is a special offer for our
listeners at hellotushy.com
face for ten percent off that's
hellotushy.com
face our noses will thank you here i am
uh sharing my experience uh as things
approach normalcy uh have i found myself
feeling anxious and needing to calm down
why all the time uh and that's why i use
raycon wireless earbuds like i go for
bike rides i try to go every day try to
ride between
22 and 30. well usually ends up being
about 24 miles if i'm being honest uh
and i pop those suckers in and it kind
of just helps me reset helps me work
through problems i have it's a little
bad background music kind of
drown out the world helps me center
i appreciate it it kind of gets me back
to where i need to be but it's not just
about calming down sometimes you need to
be pumped up too like you need a badass
playlist because you're about to go work
out at the gym i assume not me but maybe
blaine i know that i like to listen to
uh instrumentals uh really good like
kind of like modern uh jazz and just
kind of weird stuff that just kind of
helps uh helps me surf my thoughts a
little bit without being too distracted
by uh you know what the music is saying
or try to tell me but let me tell you
right now raycons are the best way to
listen they come with a bunch of gel
tips for your comfort and unlike some
other brands they don't stick out of
your ears and make you look like a i
don't like a 1950s uh alien raycons have
a 32 hour battery life i don't that's
like uh well i don't know how to count
past 24 so it's uh it's more than a day
i'll tell you that so you can listen to
what you want when you want for a really
long time they start at half the price
of other premium audio brands but they
sound just as good which is awesome
you're basically paying half the price
for just as good of a product and they
come with a 45-day happiness guarantee
so you really can't lose give them a try
and you'll see what i mean create your
own soundtrack with raycon right now
face listeners can get a 15
discount off the raycon order at
byraycon.com
face that's by raycon.com
face to save 15 percent off ray cons by
raycon.com face
i did a thing
i don't even know if i should talk about
it maybe it would be satisfying if i
talked about it because they will know
the results before i do at this point it
will be long over by the time they hear
about this this will be a distant thing
the olympics start in two days i love
the olympics like the spelling bee i had
people i tweeted out about how great
that spelling bee was people were like
is this a bit not a bit smelling be a
fantastic event that by the way not not
to derail your story but that was fun
like i i've been waiting around for it
but you and i hung out and uh we just
texted all night watching the spell and
be together and it was enthralling i had
the best time watching the spelling bee
with you it's a great event people
should watch it every year it's a lot of
fun even if you're not doing like
ridiculous things like what my football
fantasy football league does it's just a
[__] awesome event to watch these
people there were there were so many
intense moments i've never seen someone
like go to spell the word and then like
ask for more clarifications on like
origin and whatnot it was intense the
person who won almost lost it's a great
thing i was a a social event and i try
not to spend too much time on my phone
when i'm around real people and i just
had it down somewhere and then i picked
it up and there were like 175 new
messages
in the creature
it was like reading someone's live tweet
from
like an apple event or something
it was amazing
i couldn't believe what i was missing
out on there was like moments of tension
in there oh yeah there were oh
andrew andrew was convinced they were
icing his guy out he was very upset
about it
i was outraged my kid they went to
commercial break two times in a row on
my kid just icing them just put some
pressure on it i feel like that was a
good enough read to the point where
along the same lines as a break [__]
stream we should just have like a live
stream reaction or commentary to an
event that's going on like that i think
it would be good yeah well well i don't
know maybe
something i don't know we're going away
and stuff but so i love the olympics
fantastic event i have gambled heavily
on the olympics this year i'm excited to
celebrate it i didn't have much of a
strategy i just took the over for every
country's medals that it would let me
bet on uh so i'm cheering for everybody
not gold medals i just need any medals
so this is my betting list i've canada
u.s australia belgium china colombia
denmark finland france germany great
britain japan netherlands norway spain
and sweden all over the number of medals
this is number of medals earned that is
why
how can you get half a medal
so that's it's for setting the over
under right so by putting a 0.5 you
can't win half the medal so it'll
clearly be either above or below that
number okay so i'm going the over for
everything i don't know if that
mathematically is even possible for all
these bets to win uh for going over but
i'm excited this is gonna be my next two
weeks is watching
basketball and rowing and track
just being terrified about metal
placement so if two people in finland
get bronze medals
yeah i'm all about finland i was like
1.5 for finland that seems super low who
who are you most worried about for
finland
because it's 1.5
dude i had to look they got 20 athletes
in it i'm excited though but by the time
that people hear this the olympics are
going to be over like a week ago they
ended over a week at this point so they
will know if uh i'm miserable i wonder
if great bitten got there 44 and a half
or not hopefully it doesn't come down to
penalty kicks right kevin
that was too soon man it's too soon
that was fantastic just watching the
misery and i didn't even know that was
happening i don't think we've talked
about this in a regular face but if you
want to see my live reactions to england
the 2020 euro final it's in our third
what's in our rtx break [__] stream
what's on youtube
oh
dear but the timing of that the timing
of that stream unbelievable it was
fantastic yeah couldn't ask for a better
setup for that
oh there's surfing in the olympics yeah
there is and skateboarding now how do
you get a gold medal at surfing what do
you have to what are they scoring you on
on surfing ah
i could guess but i guess it's like the
same it's the same way they surf in
competitions it's like complexity of the
ride uh you know how many moves you do
similar to skateboarding yeah very
similar to skateboarding okay yeah i
just never i've never watched
competitive surfing
i'm jazzed about the like sports that i
give a [__] about being represented
finally like surfing and skating that
kind of stuff obviously basketball but
the usa men's basketball team sucks
apparently so we'll see yeah they barely
made it in right yeah 1.5 medals for
finland is nuts like if they get two
bronzes yeah i not only is it like i
didn't put the odds on that that was
like an unlikely thing to happen they
gave favorable odds that they wouldn't
get two so so andrew what are we looking
at are if let's say if you hit every one
of these are you retiring not even no i
just put one unit on every bet okay so
it's not a huge difference either way i
need about half of them to win to make
the money back that i put down
so i feel okay about it i'm sure you
will i yeah we'll see i'm just excited
to be up at 3 a.m watching some random
event that i typically wouldn't care
about just yelling about metal placement
it's gonna be russian handball all over
again it will be yeah i love it it's
hand bowling there handball is uh yeah
interesting it is interesting i'm
excited i want to get in on this if
there's a any live discussion okay well
you're going to be
that that's the second conversation i
had you so you're going you're going
you're going to foreign country are you
going to have to quarantine still at
this point yeah [__] okay i was hoping
that'd be now
cause last time you said that you're
gonna be stuck for four or whatever days
and then you're just gonna play
outskirts play it out yeah yeah so i
just wanted to see i wanted to if i
could relax a little bit not have to
think about outskirts i think it's
actually six days because [__] you
technically if i if i test negative on
the fifth day
uh oh i think it's like seven days
because then i'll be waiting like 24
hours for the result but technically the
day you land is day zero so yeah i'm
probably a week a week straight of
outskirts that's awful people who are
fully vaccinated don't have to
quarantine but only if they got
vaccinated in the uk
i got shot with the same [__]
it's annoying that is a strange thing
i feel i'm still processing i was
laughing
so hard the fact that jeff or gavin how
has your day been so far today just a
normal day you [__] your pants or
anything that's what i'm kind of getting
at uh
pretty solid day yeah i mean i had
another covered test but um that'd be
like the 70th one probably yeah i got it
yes
that's pretty normal at this point yeah
it's an uneventful day you and i were
just living our life jeff had a [__]
dye pack go off in his house and he
built the sand castle in his shorts and
he's just here i just keep processing
how wildly different our days are
yeah
and uh
not that like like abnormal of a day for
me either that's uh this i don't always
think to tell you all the dumb [__] that
happens because it's so commonplace
that's why i need i need a live feed to
your life
[Laughter]
we have such different like the last
kitchen disaster i had was really under
i got a rice cooker like over a year ago
never used it i was like ah i'm gonna i
was in a weird spot of like hungry but
didn't want to make a meal this was late
so i put the rice in did everything hit
start one hour appeared i was like
whatever i'll wait an hour waited an
hour opened it up i was more surprised
than morgan freeman and seven to open it
up and see the rice uncooked like it was
just it looked the exact same as i put
it in what i didn't realize is it wasn't
a start button it was a delay start
button so i clicked delay start for one
hour
sat down there just waited and then open
it like ah rice time
not even slightly cooked it then turned
on after the fact i had to wait two
hours to make my cup of rice
it was dreadful but it's like it's a
contained issue i don't have [__] on my
walls i don't have well exploding i will
say the last time we recorded you had a
that is your intense issue with a tea
kettle the tea kettle ramen scenario was
was the best god i forgot about that
i was looking at the pictures this
morning
it was a disaster but yeah but i've
learned like since then that that's like
a 200 kettle it's a fancy fancy [__]
it's it's a nice kettle yeah dude you're
flexing your your kettle flex was pretty
intense
was it a kettle flex it's a nice kettle
yeah
yeah i was uh i just had a pretty pretty
nice day i was rendering footage earlier
it was taking ages so i just i just
thought i'd quickly watch jurassic park
it's a good movie i realized i've seen
that movie i must have i saw it way more
times the kid maybe like i must have
seen it like 15 times i don't think i
ever realized what the movie's about or
like why the movie happens because it's
always like a plot of a movie right the
main plot is you know man yeah
rebirth dinosaurs and it goes against
nature nature fights back dinosaurs
don't do it
the mosquito thing like the origin of it
is that not even that i didn't realize
that movie happens because
the guy that dies at the beginning the
guy that gets sucked into the raptor pen
his family is suing the park for 20
million dollars and the investors are
pulling out and john hammond needs two
experts to sign off on the safety of the
park don't think i ever paid attention
to that you could summarize movies in a
way that doesn't reveal well i guess
that would kind of give it away but
there's like really
ignorable plot in movies and i feel like
i want to go through all the movies i've
seen a lot of times
and like write down the plot of why they
actually take place i'll be honest dude
you just blew my mind yeah yeah right
yeah i've seen that movie so many times
i don't
either it's just like the unmemorable
crap like you're you're a kid you're
watching it's like man i wish the
helicopter would land on the freaking
island we see some damn dinosaurs and
you don't see any you don't really
listen to any of the exposition i'm sure
uh i'm sure minor league fan jack is
[__] going like oh how did you not
know i can't believe it
it's right there in front of you if we
call jack do you think he would know now
why jurassic park starts yes and i want
somebody else to do it because i'm not
going to be responsible for piping in
jack again at the last time
just tell him to go
you do it i
i don't let me see if he's on discord
right now i'm trying to think if and he
is yes i wouldn't know
is that the most exciting legal dispute
of all time as far as genre is a movie
name a more thrilling legal movie it's a
lawsuit movie kramer versus kramer liar
liar
is liar liar thrilling that's just like
funny isn't it gary glenn ross
that's not a thrilling movie
that is dialogue heavy there's no the
pelican brief i haven't seen it the firm
eric brockovich what is the plot of the
pelican brief [__] i don't know dude i
thought it was okay i was just asking i
was really hoping it was like a pelican
stole a briefcase and then yes that's
what it a few good men that's a good one
that's a good one nick scout my cousin
vinnie that one an academy award
excellent point nick it's a good one i
just mean i bet you jurassic park is the
only
movie that features both a law dispute
like a lawsuit and dinosaurs
which i know is a very specific genre
there's not a lot to go with but
you just don't there's not a crossover
you anticipate
all right i'm looking i'm gonna tech i'm
let me text minor league fan jack right
now oh i texted him he said in just a
minute i could okay well tell him yes
then [__] get his [__] together
andrew i'm gonna need you to i'm gonna
need
i just realized i'm gonna need an andrew
panton list of the most thrilling legal
battles in film of all time
i don't have that well i don't expect
you to have it right now but but i i
expected you to come back with it at
some point and then we can put it i was
thinking about that we could all these
lists are perfect for the zine that's a
great point
that's a great point as did i
i don't i don't have that i do have i do
have a new list i do have a new ranking
thing this will come out nfl preseason
just started nfl touchdown songs the
definitive list i listen to all of them
it's it's i mean there's 32 teams so
hail to the redacted
yeah well i mean it's that they changed
their name but they're too lazy to
change their song it's very clear what
it is yeah
number one the next episode which is not
that's the the snoop deal [__]
g song i don't feel like many people
relate the title the next episode to
that song break song new orleans saints
when the saints go marching in it's a
[__] talk type thing like if the running
back goes it's great it's a great
combination of seattle seahawks bias las
vegas raiders raider nation is fine it's
an ice cube song
i mean there's this it's a lot of these
are generic i didn't know the
jacksonville jaguars is an actual song
but i described it as sounds like when
the power rangers form into a big robot
to kick ass that's the vibe you get from
it i think it's called bro him though
upon further research it was that the
miami dolphins is a wild one
uh they used their fight song which they
made in like the 70s and they just lie
to their fans every time they score it's
like miami dolphins are number one they
always think about winning a super bowl
they're the best team that's ever
existed
i struggled to find a thing that the
dolphins were number one at just in any
way annie
i lost andrew i lost andrew too i
thought i thought i lost me and i was
about to do that
because i just i was explaining to them
before you got on i had my internet
fixed yesterday and the guy it took
about three and a half hours and i'm
reasonably certain that nothing improved
ah wait
so i've been you know i lose myself for
about a minute at a time sometimes but
it hasn't happened today also uh andrew
just told me something while he's gone
i'm gonna cover for him jacksonville
jaguars song number eight uh bro him
when he said that i recognized that song
that's a song by a punk band called
pennywise a socal band
no it's a song like i'm assuming the
jaguars are using the actual pink rock
song bro yeah
hey i'm back where did i get where when
did i disconnect what happened because
the dolphins but dude you said bro him
so like yes the punk rock song bro him
by the band pennywise that's a great
song it is but the detroit lion song i
would recommend is fantastic if you're
gonna listen to one touchdown song
listen to the detroit lions touchdown
song it is wonderful it sounds like the
band was like in the arena and they're
watching the game and they missed the
touchdown and the only guy on alert was
the horn guy because it's just like
and then a pause and then a second one
and then a third one and then a band
kicks in with like three seconds left
into the song so it's just like
imagining the horn guy just yelling like
my god please get to the drums somebody
do something i can't hold this myself
and then like the music comes in at the
last second it's great
it's a shitty yeah exactly it sucks as a
song but just the context or the vibe
that it gives you is why it rakes so
high it is really dumb it's a fantastic
song i read that um there's a lot of la
sports teams across multiple sports who
always play
i love la by randy newman at sporting
events
but but that song's about how much l.a
sucks isn't it isn't that a song that's
like this like all this [__] stuff
that's in l.a it's like an ironic song i
feel like maybe they don't understand it
uh yeah i can't believe you ranked
prince's let's go crazy as number 30.
well because it's like the way it's
mixed you gotta understand that these
are these aren't just the songs it
sounded like i couldn't tell what it was
initially i thought wait a second are
the vikings doing the ducktales theme is
their touchdown song because that would
be quite the move and it's let's go
crazy by prince that's not a judgment of
the song it's how it's used for the
touch now makes sense thank you for the
clarification song in an ea sports game
that you've never heard outside
yeah and if you hear that that's exactly
if you played ea sports games you would
get that vibe as well what's fascinating
is green bay the colts and the bengals
all have the same touchdown song which
is that um i don't want to go to work i
just want to bang on my drum all day
that's their touchdown song is that why
you've written drum banging original
asterisk yes so so what you listen to it
and the first two i heard it was the
bengals and the packers and they just
have an instrumental track of it they
don't have any lyrics the cults have
like a horn at the beginning they
include the lyrics and they remix it a
little bit so it became a question of
who used it first was it the colts and
then the other two swooped in because i
think teams somewhat frequently changed
their touchdown song it's not something
that a lot of teams necessarily are
married to but it's as i guessed the
colts it's like when you try to copy
your friend's homework and you just make
the minimal amount of changes so it's
not recognizable they stole the packers
song in like 2014 which was that and
they just slightly edited it so it'd be
a little bit unique but it's just the
song it's a lot of history the miami
dolphins fight song just sort of like
random tangent the guy that wrote it got
like no credit for it and he's now a
defense attorney in tennessee and he
is the creator
of one of the most iconic like he got
his band together they recorded it sent
a bunch of demos out in miami waited a
few months he called his friend like hey
have you heard a song called miami
dolphins number one
and his friend
was like if i hear that song one more
time i'm gonna kill somebody he had no
idea that the song was getting a play it
was the biggest song in miami and he
just had no clue nobody would believe
that he wrote the song it was so iconic
like he told his friend annoying i wrote
that and his friend was like you're full
of [__] there's no way because you're
just a random musician
in the middle of la there's no way you
created the miami dolphins iconic song
so we had to fly to miami and buy a
record of it to show proof that this is
my name i made this song the dolphins
wouldn't do [__] for them they refused
to pay for it they're like we're just
gonna continue to use it we're not even
gonna recognize you so he said [__] you
miami and he went to houston and he
re-recorded the same song and tried to
sell it to the houston oilers which is
now a defunct franchise
and it sounds slightly different and you
think like oh he did it because he
wanted a musical change what happened
was he hired a bunch of musicians who
all showed up stoned and they brought
the wrong instruments so it just like
made do with what they had so there's a
random horn in it because the guy
brought a porn for some reason it's
absurd it's absurd time but he was able
to sell it to the oilers but then they
died so all he's made is like a thousand
five hundred dollars from this song all
he got from miami was two game tickets
he got free tickets to a game in the 90s
that's all the compensation nobody knows
who he is but he wrote one of the most
iconic football songs that is played
every time miami squares at home since
like the 70s what's this person's name
yeah that's the thing i don't remember
it's the least memorable name of all
time
i forgot all this effort it's like this
guy deserves the recognition he doesn't
remember in his name though no
i've read like four stories on the guy
i've tried i can't remember his name
it's the opposite of the basket weaver
whose name you knew but you didn't know
anything else about i know everything
about him but his name
well you want to guess it
uh
it's uh e
i feel like it might be igor we're gonna
go with an igor
igor
patterson igor patterson
guess a writer much more insulting
considering we live in a time where you
could find out in one second online
faster than it took you to make up a
name probably probably i i will say uh
by the way you're describing life
continually kicking this guy in the dick
i feel like i'd get along really well
with him he sounds like a real jeff yeah
lee offman is his name eagle
i was close igor patterson
lee offman
almost the same amount of letters in the
first name lee is a short name igor only
four i feel like i was relatively close
i remembered it was a short name
eagle
igor
that's the same as be like oh what was
this now i think um frankenstein i think
oh jim [__] i was close to that no those
are the letter count those names are way
off i was only one letter off
one two syllables versus one though
that's true that's a good point if i
would have got the syllable count that
would have been an icing or a cherry not
an icing you always have icing on the
cake it's the cherry on the top of the
sundae what i see on the cake is also a
phrase yeah yeah but like
well i guess there are icingless cakes
now right aren't they called naked
they're all they're always have been
well
i mean like i feel like they're more
popular than they used to be this
technology has moved on the icing has
retreated from the cakes it has well
there's naked cakes now and there's
still icing on them i guess but it's
like the side or is there icing on a
naked cake
i'm not crazy you know what i'm talking
about like it's in the middle layers but
it's not on the sides
i've made one i made one years ago yeah
well like the top and in the middle if
you're doing a layered cake yeah i just
feel like if it's on the sides it's
definitely on the top as well it's not
like
nobody makes a cake like friday's head
i want a fruit cupcake
honestly i don't even [__] out of that i
feel like the ratio of icing to sponge
would be great
i'm not i'm not a big icing guy i'm a
big icing guy i want i'll tell you what
you can have the fryer tuck i'll just
have the icing that you shave off the
top of his head
what's the whole point it comes without
the neat you'd have to just eat the back
of his head that's right the back of his
head
i'll eat his face i just want the back
of fryer tuck's head that's all i want
you can have the face
larry david kick
[Laughter]
oh [__] oh my gosh so
jack's still not showing up maybe he's
doing his normal level of face
attendance hustle yeah it's a standard
face hustle i uh well if this is the
case then i assume if it's gonna go sop
with him then i'll probably be getting
hit up in a couple of seconds to leave
this podcast to go work on annual pass
for a few minutes
[Laughter]
when's our next break [__] uh i was
asking eric that this morning i would
like to know because i would like to
start planning for early august is what
i requested so hopefully somewhere in
there but sometime in august for sure
all right i i don't know if it'll be
when you're in town or not gavin but
i'll try to i'll try to schedule it so
that you're around well maybe um andrew
could be there in person and i'll be in
the tv oh well we could do that well i
mean we need to give andrew a a couple
weeks notice to start the trip
it's true it's not a fast trip for
andrew
go now go go go go now
go let's go now just jumps onto a ferry
oh
i'm trying to figure out what i want the
ta like i i'm not decide if i just
wanted to say go go now or if it should
say go go now and then have a boat stick
in half out of the water
i think it's definitely
hello hello
hey minor league fan jack welcome to the
podcast oh thank you so much for having
me it's it's a it's an honor to be here
it's nice to have you through discord
and not through jeff's phone through his
mic again
i swear to god i was actually there you
couldn't hear me i don't know what was
going on but i was there yeah i heard it
later in the recording jack quick
question for you shoot uh what's
jurassic park about jurassic park is a
movie about a
scientist who creates dinosaurs and then
a gentleman who turns them into a theme
park based around those dinosaurs yep
okay but but why does it why why does
this what's the point of the movie
what's the plot of the movie like what
why i mean yeah i would argue the point
of the movie is that uh don't mess with
nature and nature finds a way and uh
yeah and the the plot of the movie is uh
the everything looks good but no nature
found a way and they replicated and then
destroyed everything but why does the
movie happen when it happens uh can you
rephrase that question please what's the
exciting incident for things to go wrong
what causes the events of the movie uh a
uh nedry the hacker it shuts down the
power and because of that the the the
walls go down and the dinosaurs get out
and start eating people why is the
characters there
alan grant and ellie slater and our
excuse ellie sattler and ian malcolm are
there to basically give their thumbs up
of approval on it because the lawyers
were pissed off because people had died
and so hammond needed someone to
basically kind of give a thumbs up on
the the whole park to be like oh it's
safe and it's great and so he brought
them in because he was funding their dig
in wyoming i believe or montana and so
he's like i know them and i can fund
your dick for further if you come give
me a thumbs up and that's why they were
there holy [__] jeffy he knew more than
you did gavin holy [__] yep and i feel
like it's gavin's fault for how he
phrased the que he phrased it horribly
like six times in a row well that was
like i didn't want to give two i didn't
want to like get i don't want to give
anything away and like the information
we were after i was hoping that it would
just eventually get there but there's a
specific there's a line between not
giving it away and actually asking what
you're asking you asked like six
different questions that were unrelated
i was just trying to get closer and
closer to the reason
gavin watched jurassic park today and he
discovered that the movie was about
something he never realized and he was
explaining to us about the 20 million
lawsuit over the guy that got sucked up
by the raptors and how uh they brought
ian and the others on to to basically
certify that it was safe and i said if
anybody on earth knows that it's you i
was just blown away check that i'd seen
that movie about 15 times but i never
really knew that was the reason the the
movie
events start yeah yeah it's that's the
whole the whole point of it is gennaro
the the lawyer is there and he's like we
gotta get people to sign off on it and
uh yeah there you go i bet there are
very few people on earth who remember
that the lawyer's name is janeiro
you are in the top point
zero one percent of jurassic park fans
probably oh i think i'm a jurassic park
super fan too i guess all right okay uh
uh robert what's his name muldoon robert
muldoon yeah he's the other the warden
the game
where did john hammond find him oh was
it in a like an african safari i think
is where he found him it was it was from
hammond's park in kenya damn he knows
his [__] jack who wrote the miami
dolphins fight song
the same guy who wrote the uh country
road song oh that's great john denver he
nailed it
if you would have known that jack i
would have left that you would have
blown my mind nobody knows his name i
don't even know his name i've read six
stories about the guy i can't remember
his name's igor patterson right that's
what we just
remember that i don't even remember we
just said his name i don't remember what
it is i just remember igor all right
thanks for uh thanks for proving jeff
wright and uh thanks for blowing my mind
all right yeah i appreciate it jack
thanks big fan of the show you guys love
you guys thanks jack thank you that was
a minor league fan jack
he didn't he didn't leave no he's still
he's just he's here he's hanging out
did he leave on his end did he just
close the app because he was on his
phone i think he missed closed the app
but if he just walked away from it
that is still there maybe he just wanted
i wasn't everybody just need me to leave
now
okay love you
bye bye
i wonder if whenever he's done talking
on the phone he's like all right mom
i'll see you later and he just puts his
phone down fully on and just goes to
another room
walks away
check really knows his [__] with that
movie yeah he does hey henry found the
squeaky toy again that's cool i forgot
about henry the squeaky toy jeff you
were trying to shush it but in your
ocean rescue story it was really it
added a lot to it
it was fantastic it was so funny
it was just distracting me i was trying
so hard not to forget the different
elements of the story nick says that was
the cherry on top
andrew was the icing on the cherry
[Laughter]
oh man by the way uh my girlfriend the
other night she gave me she asked me
about something
and she gave me the look
and it was uh she didn't have she didn't
say anything but with her eyes uh i very
clearly got
the message to get these [__] bats
out of our house
oh okay so i gotta do something about
these god damn bats i asked yesterday or
the other day to get more tags because
we we determined the last time we
recorded that we have elements of a lot
of ideas but not enough to do any one of
them so hopefully
those will come in soon and then uh
gavin will come over and cut 100 bats
while i watch
so just to recap you have 100 bats and
900 knobs
correct and a thousand metal tags
i like i just still love that someone
just
bought everything in our discussion
didn't like yeah worry about what we'd
settled on it was like well they talked
about this they talked about this they
suggested this i'll just buy all of that
now i've got everything in their defense
i mean i'm i've been so confused for so
long i don't know that i gave any kind
of correct instructions on what we
wanted because i don't remember i'm so
[__] far gone with these bats man i
just want them out of my life
they haven't even started yet i like
that they [__] with you more by doing
what was said than gavin and i ever did
by implying the bats were manipulated
some way they've caused way more
yeah just annoyance yeah this is really
yeah yeah i'm looking at them right now
they've become a permanent shelf in my
library
for me to store stuff on this is we're
probably not going to record for a bit
at this point i mean i don't know the
break [__] thing will happen but we're
probably at least two weeks i'd assume
i'm gonna miss you guys i'm gonna miss
you too yeah i think we just need to
stay in touch um
gonna be a lot of excitement for when we
come back it's multiple layers of like
we need to stay in touch because i love
you guys but also just to make sure jeff
is still alive
yeah
i feel like it goes back and forth
between andrew and jeff on like who's
more in danger because sometimes there
have been times where andrew is just
like dropping pints of blood out of his
ass and i'm actually worried that he's
gonna die and now at the moment it's
just on jeff's way so it's very
different though because i feel like
jeff's danger comes when he's going to
look at sharks mine is i ordered pancake
mix and then just everything fell apart
it's the mundane that gets me i look i
just got my tetanus shot so i'm feeling
pretty safe right now
you're gonna be climbing over so many
fences not worrying about it
[Laughter]
andrew i think we need to start booking
in the dates for when you're gonna try
the marathon though i feel like it's
never good when a bit is discussed and
never happens but we should not try and
make it happen
i completely agree this is the
redemption year it's gonna happen
yeah i've been very vocal on this
actually when did the redemption start
20 is that just the beginning of the
year that was it no it started when this
podcast turned two years old whatever
that was so episode what 50 53 54. well
that'd be one year when did i do sure
yeah
well yeah we're going into our second
year though yeah yeah we're in the first
the first year yeah we're going into the
second year year two years
year two is like redemption island it is
yeah sure why not okay man i just
started season 35 of survivor and talk
about the dumbest premise yet
what is that premise heroes
versus
healers versus hustlers it's a great
season it's a good season so far but
what a dumb concept heroes versus
healers versus hustlers
what
they really they do run out of premises
pretty quickly
god damn they eventually just start
calling it island names like like gavin
said redemption island like they move
away from like the group premises that
are just like this is an island about
redemption
we're gonna call this island ghost
island
or what is it uh uh like
when they uh when they like when they
ban them to the island by themselves
exile island exactly
yeah you got exile they're later there's
a later season called island of the
idols and so
people are like oh [__] are there like a
million idols on this island they go one
at a time like somebody has to go to the
island of the idols it's not it's not
idols they just got boston rob and
sandra hanging out on a different beach
and they're like how's it going in your
game and then they give them tips and
they offer them challenges no they're
not playing they just co-exist on a
different island quest givers yeah
they're the eyes they did that last
npc's
like cochran was hanging out on a boat
giving advice yeah that was that's a
random reward where cochran shows up and
is like what's in it for them though
like those people like boston money good
because he's trying to win money oh for
the players so okay this is how it works
it is great so you get there right and
rob will be like there's one the first
one i remember boston rob is like i'm
really good at making fire do you know
how to make fire i'm gonna teach you how
to make fire and then so they go through
the process of teaching the person and
then they'll offer them a challenge so
boston rob was like i'll give you i
don't know a second vote at a tribal
council if you can make fire faster than
me but if you can't then you lose your
vote at the next tribal and then they're
like going back and forth and rob is
like you know it's a big move having two
votes it could be a real game-changer
you gotta evaluate your thing he
eventually convinces the person to do it
they lose miserably and then it just
goes to a confessional of him going like
they're the dumbest person alive why
would they challenge me they didn't know
how to make fire i taught them how would
they ever beat me at this it's a really
dumb premise they have them hiding gavin
in a little spy shack at tribal council
they sit above it and do commentary of
what's happening terrible season matt
after jeff called you russell hance i
went on a bit of a russell hance uh tour
through this one of the most insulting
things that anyone's ever said
boy is that himself and also boy does
that guy's game not work if anyone has
seen him play jesus
it's a thrill he was so lucky doing
back-to-backs he was he went on survivor
australia first one voted out did not
last long that's true just immediately
gone something i was looking at there is
like i guess they do like two at a time
sometimes on survivor yeah does that
mean that russell
was sat there in the final well this is
the spoiler for survivor it is russell
was set there in the final of survivor
knowing that he'd already gone out again
and got to the final of the other one
but had to do that entire season talking
about his previous season not knowing
whether he'd won it or not yeah you blew
my mind because i knew this going in
that the whole thing they talk about
constantly in heroes versus villains
which is the second season that none of
them had the chance to see him play and
he was kind of this unknown variable
which is largely why i think he has
success in that game
uh it never occurred to me that he would
have done both been in the finale for
both expecting to win two million
dollars like you pointed out and win
zero he didn't make a dime from playing
survivor
and i watched the one where he cried
that's redemption island and then we got
stuck with his nephew for two seasons oh
i haven't got to that yet
you guys are watching this show like
you're popping in and out season to
season i've watched it live every season
since it came out i had to deal with the
hans family for like five years yeah
five consecutive years of hand it's a
long clip it's so long they really they
they try to get the most out of out of
the hands fam yeah we probably shouldn't
talk about survivor too much on this
because there's so many people haven't
seen it but i would love like an offline
survivor conversation at one point i'm
so into it i want to do like a survivor
fan podcast kind of like rose buddies
for bachelor i've been been trying to
promote that or trying to throw that
idea towards trevor for a while i don't
know if we'll ever get to do that i
don't know if there'd be any audience
for it but if you're a comment leaver
and you want to listen to us talk about
survivor let us know maybe we'll make a
survivor podcast andrew would have to be
in it because he's like the world's
survivor authority it's bizarre to me
because i'm
one of the things the pandemic people
started watching survivor for some
reason maybe because it was added to
netflix
was an entry point but i've lived most
of my life not being able to talk to
anybody about survivor and just watching
it constantly it's maybe my favorite
show i love survivor it's a staple of my
life as far as entertainment goes dude
it's all i've watched for the last 15
seasons like the last six weeks that and
housewives you know the real housewives
of beverly hills obviously the other
thing gavin did that blew my mind is he
had watched like five or six seasons he
somehow hadn't seen boston rob play jeff
and he's like
yeah he's like what season is boston rob
on and i'm like season five season nine
season 20 season 22. like he's in six or
seven seasons yeah it's amazing that you
were avoided somehow a boston rob sees
that'd be hard to do what am i on now
i'm on one where
ah it's dude he's so half-assed my
birthday cameo that's great
yeah do you still have this so good yeah
i think so i have the i have him in
coach coaches was like an hour
that checks out can you get probst
oh
i would recommend in a not serious way
boston robb wrote one of the worst
self-help books i've ever read i haven't
read many but it's an atrocious book and
uh bad advice it's not bad it's every
chapter is about three pages long and
then he does a summary at the end of
every chapter where it's like three
statements that cover all of it and it's
the same structure of like
real statement joke statement heartfelt
statement for everything and it's just
it's unnecessary it's called the boston
rob rule book uh it's available anywhere
online like you can get it you can apple
store whatever you can buy it digitally
i think he'd be a great guest for this
if we ever did it oh i'd love it
he's a fascinating guy for sure it's
interesting it's also interesting how
personally people take that game there
are people from his seasons that have
not forgiven him for how he played
[Laughter]
i i this seas survivors taught me that
like if you win something you just
shouldn't do it again like there's
what's this guy what's this guy's name
jt or something
who apparently won once but i've only
seen him
just completely
not understand how to use idols like he
gave one to russell and then he went
home with another one it's like
this guy should never have come back i
can't believe yeah like sandra won twice
right she did but she like plays a game
where like she gets there by the end
because nobody views her as a threat
she's like a quiet philip yeah yeah and
her strategy it's the most so jt has a
phenomenal seasons i'd recommend
watching uh token teams um whatever i
think that's like season probably 18
would be my guess he becomes most iconic
for later and my my favorite later jt
moment and of all the seasons he gets
into a fight with somebody over sugar
they won like a coffee set at a reward
and he's like she keeps eating all the
[__] sugar i'm sick of this person
and their sugar consumption it was the
michaela i think yeah yeah michaela was
clearly like joking around when she was
like oh seven drops of coffee and a
spoonful of sugar
having a good time jt is furious so then
sandra just ate all of the sugar in the
dish and then did like the gym from the
office face knowing that jt would see it
and be like michaela ate the [__]
sugar it's such a totally
totally worked sue
perfect pull focus to sandra who just
nails the lens it's like quite unlike
most shots of survivor but they clearly
left it in because it was like the
cameraman must have been like oh my god
that was
good yeah oh my god what do you think
the best season of survivor is that's
such a
that's a long question we should wrap up
i guess it really depends on what you're
looking for so like there's sort of an
arc i recommend that you started at the
beginning of the russell season because
that
russell whether you like him or not
changed the game dramatically i love i
loved him highly entertaining to watch
wasn't in game changes though uh no but
like
i just argued that 80 percent of that
cast wasn't a game changer it's a
terrible it's a really weird cast that
was a good season though i know i don't
know spoilers i'm still on that one
i just finished it two days ago okay
game changer that is uh who's like is
zeke on that season and andrea zeke is
on it andrea
aubry's on it uh game change is like
haley
ty is on it sierra is on it
oh it's both sierras have you seen
beauty brains lebron yeah that's a great
the the thing with scott pollard and ty
what a vote oh with a super idol you
know the super idol where he's like
you're gonna give it to me and ty's just
like nah scott's like really he's like
yup oh my god
sir did so gavin you said you're you're
on that season right now so you have you
seen where saree
have you seen the the the vote with
saree where she tries to use the idol or
stress the advantage seems like a
spoiler yeah well i won't not really i
just
won't spoil it for you but it's a iconic
moment in survivor we should wrap this
up yeah we should wrap this up and then
uh probably pitch some sort of survivor
podcast so we can just make that yeah
all right well uh well this is us
stopping
sorry if you don't watch survivor that
was probably
insanely boring lost evidence
yeah uh
you should try it if you haven't try it
it's on netflix if you're in the us it's
on amazon i only started watching it
because you all talked about it and then
i was born i don't know how do you watch
it outside of the us
that's a great question it's on no i
watch it i watch it across netflix hulu
and paramount plus so if any of those
are available outside the us yeah but
all of those have like different
libraries sure sure i don't know what
apparently like yeah paramount plus is
available in canada paramount plus has
all the seasons it's the only service
that has everything okay that i'm aware
of that's a real piece of [__] there i'm
not a huge fan yeah so far i can't wait
to get you guys into the challenge after
survivor that that's going to be um i'm
i'm ready to go buddy so i got like uh
what five more seasons of survivor that
should take me another two weeks and
then i'm it's sad i've realized there's
not enough time left in my life to watch
all of the television that i want to
yeah yeah like there's too much reality
tv that's been made and i don't have
enough time left on earth to get through
it
i think i'm i think i'm not for the
first time since they came out i think
i'm going to skip this season's love
island i just haven't
haven't had the time to jump into it and
i'm getting way far behind so i think
i'm just i might be off the love island
train because there's just no time great
time to start the challenge i think it
starts next week new season well i have
to watch 25 seasons to catch up that is
true because unlike survivor the
challenge uses the same cast every
season so it's great just dumb
dumb trashy people trying to be
political and i have not seen that show
but i have seen x on the beach and i'm
sure i think a lot of them are from that
show yeah it'll be interesting yeah
all right well uh we still seem to be
talking uh though we all agreed to stop
a while ago uh
nick is now is now posting the discord
as eric
[Laughter]
thanks for listening like and subscribe
see you next time raid 5 stars find us
on instagram goodbye i like wrestling me
that's my hair
[Music]
you